Beijing night
China's first business
How could Miss Ye like such a person?
Yes, how is this possible?
What are you capable of?
Miss Ye, I report
This Qi Tian is a little white face who eats soft rice
You can't be with him
What nonsense?
How dare you do it and dare not admit it?
I just saw you
Hooking up with people at the hotel entrance
Hey brother, maybe you are playing a lot of flowers
I believe sister
He could never be that kind of person
Don't believe it, right?
You see, this is what he just called me.
Because I broke his adultery
Qi Tian, you dare to disappoint my lady
Someone is guarding it
I'm not talking about business
I believe you.
Miss, why do you believe him in everything?
Hey, what's wrong with Xiaobai?
Mr. Seven, President Liang was assassinated just now
I'm having the doctor handle it for him now.
Fortunately, I arrived in time.
The poison has been solved
It will arrive at the venue in about 5 minutes.
Was it Jiang Wuhui who assassinated Liang Youwei?